Shading often corrupts non-code metadata in META-INF/MANIFEST.mf (#1762)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-opensource-java: docs/JLBP-0018.md

  to also roll in the security fix).
- Shading cannot be performed on types used in a library's own public API as return
  types or method arguments.

> - Shading often corrupts non-code metadata in META-INF/MANIFEST.mf and other locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Shading often corrupts non-code metadata in META-INF/MANIFEST.mf and other files.
```

I think you meant "files in other locations." This is the same as "other files".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Shading often corrupts non-code metadata in the files under `META-INF`, such as `META-INF/MANIFEST.mf` and `META-INF/services`
```

Author: locations is correct, not files. There can be locations inside a JAR file.

  For instance, service entries under `META-INF/services` can easily need

>   special effort to be merged because the entries are located in the same place

Reviewer: "can easily need special effort to be merged" is difficult to read. Can you make it active voice?

Author: improved

>   for every jar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for every JAR file.
```

https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/deployment/jar/basicsindex.html

"JAR" for the files. "jar" for the command.

Author: done

  to also roll in the security fix).
- Shading cannot be performed on types used in a library's own public API as return
  types or method arguments.
- Shading often corrupts non-code metadata in META-INF/MANIFEST.mf and other locations.
  For instance, service entries under `META-INF/services` are hard 
  to merge because the entries are located in the same place

>   for every JAR file.

Author: Yes, that's one example of the sorts of problems that can happen. Not every shading will have this problem, or indeed any problem with metadata, but it can crop up.
